# Puller Bot

This is a web worker bot that logs into a website, presses a few buttons, and logs
out on a regular schedule.  It uses a Python wrapper for the library [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/),
and schedules itself as a linux service on a repeating timer using the systemD setup.

# Getting Started

To start, clone the repo into the home directory for a new Oracle Cloud instance.
Specifically, it should be at /home/ubuntu/puller-bot after the clone.  Then, you
should cd into the base directory for the repo (/home/ubuntu/puller-bot/) and run:

	sudo sh ./scripts/setup.sh

and let that complete.  It may take a second.  It installs everything you will
need.  Then, it will prompt you to fill out the credentials file that it creates
for you using a format it gives you a template for.  Once you do that, you'll run:

	sudo sh ./scripts/botStart.sh

to get the bot started.  And you're good from there, enjoy!

# Notes on Structure

The folders are: logs, resources, screenshots, and scripts.  The logs and
screenshots directories are automatically generated by the start-up script.

Logs are where the logs from each run of the bot go.  These logs will also
be printed to the console if you are running the script yourself, and therefore
will be able to be found in the systemctl logs using the command:

	sudo journalctl -u puller-bot.service

Resources is a directory that the startup scripts uses to keep the service files,
so that it can copy them to the right system directories after the git clone.
It also holds a status.txt file that tracks what run number we are on now for log and
screenshot record purposes (also auto-generated by start-up scripts).

Screenshots hold screenshots from each run (browser view of what the bot is doing).
See the configuration block at the top of the puller-bot.py to configure what
screenshots are saved.  As a general rule, any error state will save a screenshot
and does not have a flag to turn it off.

Scripts holds the setup, start, and stop scripts for the bot.  Run these with sudo
privileges only (They will remind you if you don't).

